certainly brought his kicking bitch you
got a whole lot of reserves coming on
for the Highlanders my food muffy there
Jimmy Caan and Chris Noakes have come on
James McIntosh is one of the guys that
have come off Mike Delaney as well as
Aaron Smith so Chris makes it is with
the restart
least entire era low over the border
he'll be delighted with his return to
super wrecky strand efficiently and into
the final quarter of the match he goes
so showing not too many negative signs
of that injury rehab has brilliant
[Applause]
[Music]
with a choice for Jose gay goes back my
toilets
school Petric Lambie
suddenly the German crowd has erupted
well if the Boy Wonder Pets Lambie he's
been deadly Eckerd with a boot for the
pulse and he made the follow up it's the
first time in the game out of about
eight opportunities that the
up-and-under works for the shocks first
of all this one on defense lovely play
Vaughn McLeod look at the little flick
up the back of the hand to that man
Keegan Daniel when he put boots of all
armors torille my era but Hosea Gear
making mistake in his I'm 22 opened the
door for that man Lambie under the
middle of the pole something yeah
[Applause]
so Patrick Lambie with all 26 points
with a kick to come
[Applause]
handling is certainly going to become
increasingly difficult we saw it there
from Isaiah gay didn't position himself
perfectly G to take therefore off the
fingertips of went and Lambie there to
fan stance the two points as well
suddenly as well point Li ji I tell you
the rule this crowd has been so quiet
tonight you've hardly heard them it's
not a big crowd but when they're try
winch and I swear you could have heard
it up in Alaska the line that Aranea the
Keegan Daniels absolutely beautiful I
agree with you golf also is putting my
hair down a Masada but Bette Landy he
follows through his kicks